{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat4\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24920\viewh10820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/TestingYouriOSApp/TestingYouriOSApp.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Next}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/AddingCapabilities/AddingCapabilities.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Previous}} \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 Launching Your App on Devices\cf2 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/LaunchingYourApponDevices/LaunchingYourApponDevices.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/LaunchingYourApponDevices/LaunchingYourApponDevices.html}}
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 All iOS, tvOS, and watchOS apps must be code signed and provisioned to launch on a device. Mac apps that use certain app services must be code signed to launch too. 
\i Provisioning
\i0  is the process of preparing and configuring an app to launch on devices and use app services. Xcode uses information you provide to create a team provisioning profile for you when you assign your Xcode project to a team or the first time you add capabilities to your app. For example, Xcode automatically creates your development certificate and registers a connected device or your Mac. Xcode uses this information to create a provisioning profile that it installs on the device before it launches the app on a device. For iOS, tvOS, and watchOS apps, Xcode runs an app on a device if that device is in the provisioning profile. Similarly, a Mac app that uses certain app services launches only if the Mac is in the provisioning profile.\
You can launch your app on a device using a free Apple ID account, but the capabilities available to your app depends on the platform and your Apple Developer Program membership, described in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/SupportedCapabilities/SupportedCapabilities.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40012582-CH38-SW1"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Supported Capabilities}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Tip:
\b0 \'a0To avoid issues later when you distribute your app, you should test your app running on actual devices. To create and run tests with Xcode, read {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/DeveloperTools/Conceptual/testing_with_xcode/chapters/01-introduction.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40014132"}}{\fldrslt 
\i \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Testing with Xcode}}. To learn about the Xcode debugging tools, read {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/DeveloperTools/Conceptual/debugging_with_xcode/chapters/about_debugging_w_xcode.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40015022"}}{\fldrslt 
\i \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Debugging with Xcode}}. To do in-depth analysis and profiling using Instruments, read {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/DeveloperTools/Conceptual/InstrumentsUserGuide/index.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40004652"}}{\fldrslt 
\i \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Instruments User Guide}}.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 Launching Your Mac App\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 To launch your Mac app, click the Run button in the project navigator. If the signing identity is set to None, Xcode launches your app. Otherwise, Xcode registers your Mac and adds it to the team provisioning profile before launching your app. If a prompt appears asking whether 
\f1 codesign
\f0  can sign the app using a key in your keychain, click Always Allow.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 Launching Your App on a Device\cf2  (iOS, tvOS, watchOS)\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/LaunchingYourApponDevices/LaunchingYourApponDevices.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/LaunchingYourApponDevices/LaunchingYourApponDevices.html}}
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 It takes just a few steps to launch your app on a device if you previously created your code signing identity and team provisioning profile, as described in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/ConfiguringYourApp/ConfiguringYourApp.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40012582-CH28-SW7"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Creating the Team Provisioning Profile}}. Otherwise, a series of dialogs and warnings may appear as Xcode resolves the code signing issues in the process of launching your app.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 To launch an app on a device
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Connect the device to your Mac.
\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\b watchOS Note:
\b0 \'a0Connect an iPhone to your Mac that is paired with an Apple Watch.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In the project navigator, choose your device from the Scheme toolbar menu. (Scott Maretick\'92s iPhone)
\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\b watchOS Note:
\b0 \'a0If multiple Apple Watches are paired to an iPhone, the active Apple Watch appears in the Scheme toolbar menu. If you change the active Apple Watch using the iPhone, the Scheme toolbar menu item changes to the active watch. To view all Apple Watches paired to an iPhone, open the Devices window, select the iPhone, and view the watches in the Paired Watches table. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 Xcode assumes you intend to use the selected device for development and automatically registers it for you.\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 If your device is disabled in the Scheme toolbar menu because it is ineligible, fix the issue before continuing. Under Ineligible Devices, hover the mouse over the device to read the reason why it\'92s ineligible. For example, if the OS version is lower than the deployment target, upgrade the OS version on the device or choose the version you want to target from the Deployment Target pop-up menu (located in the Deployment Info section). Then select the device from the Scheme toolbar menu.\
Click the Product->Run button.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Xcode installs the app on the device before launching the app
\b0 .\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Verify the Developer App certificate for your account is trusted on your device. Open Settings on Scott Maretick's iPhone and navigate to General -> Device Management, then select your Developer App certificate to trust it.\
\
Need to be an Apple Developer\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://clearbridgemobile.com/how-to-submit-an-app-to-the-app-store/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 https://clearbridgemobile.com/how-to-submit-an-app-to-the-app-store/}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
tvOS Note:
\b0 \'a0If a message appears stating that the Apple TV is not activated, connect the Apple TV to a television and perform the user setup steps. Connect the Apple TV to your Mac again and in Xcode, select the Apple TV in the Devices window. If the warning icon and \'93Apple TV is not activated.\'94 message disappears, you can install and launch your app on the device.\
If a prompt appears asking whether 
\f1 codesign
\f0  can sign the app using a key in your keychain, click Always Allow.\
While developing your app, run and test it on all of the devices and OS versions that you intend to support. Because different instruments are available in a simulator, also test your app in a simulator using Instruments and other tools before distributing your app. For details on how to use device simulators to test your app, read {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/iOS_Simulator_Guide/Introduction/Introduction.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40012848"}}{\fldrslt 
\i \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Simulator User Guide}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Archiving Your App\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Next, create an archive of your app. Xcode stores this archive in the Archives organizer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 To create an archive
\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I
\b n the Xcode project editor, choose a generic device\'97Generic iOS Device
\b0 , Generic tvOS Device, or Generic iOS Device + watchOS Device\'97or your device name from the Scheme toolbar menu.\uc0\u8232 You can\'92t create an archive of a simulator build. If a device is connected to your Mac, the device name appears in the Scheme toolbar menu. When you disconnect the device, the menu item changes to the generic device name.\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Choose Product > Archive
\b0 .\uc0\u8232 The Archives organizer appears and displays the new archive.\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Xcode runs preliminary validation tests on the archive and may display a validation warning in the project editor. If you see a warning, fix the issue and create the archive again.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 Exporting Your App to the App Store\cf2  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/TestingYouriOSApp/TestingYouriOSApp.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf2 https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/TestingYouriOSApp/TestingYouriOSApp.html}}
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Exporting Your App for Testing Outside the Store\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Because testers don\'92t have Xcode to run your app, you create an 
\i iOS App
\i0  file (a file with an 
\f1 .ipa
\f0  filename extension) that they can then use to install your app on their device. Use this method to test a universal app that runs on all supported devices or test device variants that the store distributes later to users.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Note:
\b0 \'a0tvOS binaries are also iOS App files with an 
\f1 .ipa
\f0  filename extension.\
\

\b To create an iOS App file for testing
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Open the Archives organizer (choose Organizer from the Window menu), and select the archive.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2     2.     Click the Export button, select an export option, and click Next.\
             To distribute your app to users with designated devices, select \'93Save for Ad Hoc Deployment.\'94 The app will be code signed with the distribution certificate. \
             To distribute your app for internal testing, select \'93Save for Development Deployment.\'94 The app will be code signed with your development certificate.\
     3.     In the dialog that appears, choose a team from the pop-up menu and click Choose.\
             If necessary, Xcode creates the needed signing identity and provisioning profile for you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 There are 3 WAYS to create .ipa WITHOUT 
\i Command & Apple Developer Account
\i0 \cf2 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://stackoverflow.com/questions/26928721/how-to-create-ipa-in-xcode-6-without-apple-developer-account"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf2 http://stackoverflow.com/questions/26928721/how-to-create-ipa-in-xcode-6-without-apple-developer-account}}
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 1. Fast  (didn\'92t work for me)
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 (Works on all Xcode, All Mac OS, Bundled package can be used for OTA links like {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.diawi.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Diawi}})
\i0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Just build 
\f1 (Command+B)
\f0  your app from XCode by setting proper code signing identities\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
From 
\f1 XCode's
\f0  file search at left bottom, search for 
\f1 .app
\f0  (This will be under product directory)\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Right Click on this 
\f1 .app
\f0  file and select 
\i\b Show in Finder
\i0\b0 \
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Now, create directory and name it as 
\b Payload
\b0 , copy 
\f1 .app
\f0  into Payload directory.\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Archive/Compress(.zip) this Payload directory, rename file extension from .zip to .ipa\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 2. \cf4 Extract .ipa from organizer Best
\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 (Works on all Xcode, All Mac OS)
\i0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create Archive (need to build for Generic IOS Device)\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Go to Organizer (comes up when you do step 1)\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Get location of Archive by 
\i\b Right Click
\i0\b0  and selecting 
\i\b Show in Finder
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Now right click on this .xcarchive file and select 
\i\b Show Package Contents
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Go to path 
\f1 Products > Applications > YourAppFile
\f0 \
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Open iTunes's on Mac and drag-drop this 
\i YourAppFile
\i0  from above path in 
\b Apps
\b0  tab. (NOTE: Delete the previous app with the same identifier if any)\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Now right click on your app under 
\b Apps
\b0  tab of iTunes and select 
\b Show in Finder
\b0 , this is your .ipa file !!!\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 To launch an app on a device\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/LaunchingYourApponDevices/LaunchingYourApponDevices.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf6 https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/LaunchingYourApponDevices/LaunchingYourApponDevices.html}}
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Connect the device to your Mac.\
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 In the project navigator, choose your device from the Scheme toolbar menu.\
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Click the Run button.\
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0    4.  \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Xcode installs the app on the device before launching the app.\
   5.  \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Verify the Developer App certificate for your account is trusted on your device. Open Settings on Scott Maretick's iPhone and navigate to General -> Device Management, then select your Developer App certificate to trust it.\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
\ls8\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
}